keep stress from born over who are probably my favorite tip that I always
give will probably be to go to your happy place everyone has that
one place in mind that they rather be and it with that person that
they rather be with or people and I always tell people to go to your
happy place in your mind so when you're about to blow you're about
to lose it when you feel like the stress is just becoming too much
to stop and take about maybe about thirty seconds to a minute and just
go to your happy place and think about how you feel at that that
moment when you're in your happy place and who you're with the conversation
is baby you may have with that person to help you deal with
you know tough times always use the example of Superman our server is
dealing with the worst case scenarios you know Haley is about to go
to world or you know someone about to blow the world up and he's at
the lowest at the low of his loans he always goes home to my pocket
down in Kansas and they build him back up give him the strength he
needs to do whatever he needs to do